OG Shark
 is a rare hybrid marijuana strain that is primarily found in Canada. OG Shark is beloved for its high potency, earthy aroma and therapeutic qualities. The effects of this strain are sedating and relaxing. Medical marijuana patients choose OG Shark to relieve symptoms associated with nausea, pain and insomnia. Growers say this strain grows best in a dry, outdoor climate.


Afghanica
 grows up to 1.83 (6 ft.) tall. The leaves are broad, short, and have well-defined veins in them; the leaflets and leaves are both dark green. The plants in maturity have white follicles of hair around them, giving the plant a very striking appearance.


 Skywalker OG
 strain has notes of sweet, citrus hops, and a spicy peppery finish. It offers mellow, euphoric effects, and heightened awareness and creativity.


 Lemon Sour Diesel 
offers a creative happy and cerebrally stimulating high that also leaves the body completely relaxed. Typically, the bud is light and fluffy in nature. It is deep green with amber and gold strands and resin throughout.


Jack Herer 
is a slightly sativa-dominant hybrid that provides a clear-headed, cerebral high coupled with a strong energetic indica buzz at the same time. The high experienced from the strain is euphoric and energetic, on a level that goes beyond what most sativas are capable of.


Jean Guy
 is a famous sativa strain from the Montreal Compassion Club and was the first ever cannabis strain to be featured in the New York times. The Jean Guy is a sativa dominant cross. It grows quickly, producing thick lateral branches and heavy colas. It is a finicky plant best suited to advanced growers.


 White Widow 
are chunky and somewhat conical and tapered. The bud structure of the flowers are more sativa than indica, with a loose and fluffy texture that can be broken up somewhat easily despite its stickiness. The leaves are spring green with few visible pistils.


Pink Kush
 as coveted as its OG Kush relative, is an indica-dominant hybrid with powerful body-focused effects. In its exceptional variations, pink hairs burst from bright green buds barely visible under a blanket of sugar-like trichomes, with traces of a sweet vanilla and candy perfume. The potency of this strain could be considered overpowering, and even small doses are known to eliminate pain, insomnia, and appetite loss. Growers have to wait 10 to 11 weeks for Pink Kush’s flowering, but high yields of top-shelf buds are worth the wait.


Master Kush
 are quite big and chunky. It's definitely a strong yielder. The quality of the buds is very high as well. They have the appearance of a big hybrid plant but with the density of an Indica.


Sweet Skunk
 which is sometimes called Sweet Island Skunk, is a strain that emits a sweet citrus odor with skunky undertones. It produces round, deep green buds with burnt yellow pistils and a layer of trichomes that lighten its tone



Blue dream 
is another hybrid strain of weed that is slightly sativa-dominant. It gives an energetic cerebral high that can increase motivation and heighten focus. Some people describe it as having relaxing and pain-relieving effects. 

Its name comes from the fact that the origin of the strain is unknown, making it like a dream. It has a sweet taste that some describe as similar to blueberries and sugar.

People who have chronic fatigue, depression or a lack of appetite have described blue dream as having therapeutic effects that improve these conditions. People have also described it as relieving chronic pain and migraines. 